Added CRUD generator to controllers page (#1786)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/controllers.md

In order to create a basic controller, we use classes and **decorators**. Decorators associate classes with required metadata and enable Nest to create a routing map (tie requests to the corresponding controllers).

> > info **Note** For quickly creating a CRUD contoller with [validation](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/validation) you may use the CLI's [CRUD generator](https://docs.nestjs.com/recipes/crud-generator#crud-generator): `nest g resource name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Note** For quickly creating a CRUD controller with the [validation](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/validation) built-in, you may use the CLI's [CRUD generator](https://docs.nestjs.com/recipes/crud-generator#crud-generator): `nest g resource [name]`.
```
